[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
Subtitles by DramaFever
Jae Beom.
Take the next flight
coming back to Korea.
Soo Jin...
just walked in.
You're here?
Have you been doing well?
I'm so shocked that
I'm at a loss for words.
So you speak, instead.
Have you been doing well?
How have you been doing up until now?
You're still wearing the coat that
I bought you 10 years ago, I see.
I have a favor to ask of you.
So that's why you came.
I need money.
How much?
10 million won.
Are you ill?
No.
Did you cause trouble, then?
You never asked me for even
10,000 won after becoming an adult
and you insisted on paying for
your own meals, no matter what
so, what's going on?
What on earth had to happen that
you'd come to me to borrow money?
Can't you just...
not ask me anything and
lend it to me, just this once?
Do you want it in cash?
Or as a bank transfer?
Cash, please.
I have one condition.
Meet with me just 10 times.
Every time you meet with me...
I'll give you a million won.
How does that sound?
My mom...
will come.
She's not the kind of person
who wouldn't come.
Where do you live?
Um...
a sauna?
Do you know about saunas?
They're so nice!
You don't have a home?
I was told we'd find one soon.
But... what is this sound?
Jingle... jangle.
Hello.
Ah, yes. Please take
a seat over there.
Sure.
Get me a chemotherapy appointment.
I feel like I'll be able to do it
all of the sudden.
When will I find out whether or
not I'll be able to get surgery?
I waited for you.
I know.
Yoon Bok!
Yoon Bok?
Yoon Bok.
Did I surprise you?
Mom!
What is it, Hye Na?
Have you ever seen such nice towels?
Where has she been all this time?
Let's...
all eat dinner together tomorrow.
Don't ask her where she's been.
Or why she came, why she left,
or what she plans to do now, either.
And definitely don't tell her
that I have cancer.
What am I supposed to talk to
her about, then? The weather?
Politics?
Or celebrity gossip,
as if we're just acquaintances?
About the fact that you got married.
About how you almost died
giving birth to twins.
About how your mother-in-law is peculiar.
And...
the cat you guys are raising is cute.
And about how you almost
got divorced last year.
Hey!
Be quiet, you guys!
You weren't scared of the lady
at the barber shop?
Why would I be scared?
Kids used to be really scared
of her when I was young.
That lady...
is missing a pinky.
Did you see it?
Really?
There are rumors that
she lost it while in prison.
And some say that she killed someone.
When I was young
guys would go into the barber shop
and yell, "Murderer!"
as a test of courage.
I had to pass by it every day
on my way home.
When I saw the sign for the
barber shop from far away...
I got so scared that I started running.
I feel so sorry for that lady.
Miss Ye Eun.
I am hoping that I won't be
needing to send you this letter.
Because I am only planning
to send you this letter
if Hye Na and I couldn't escape
this country safely, as planned.
What I fear the most right now
isn't that I'll be arrested
for kidnapping
but that things go wrong, and Hye Na will
have to return to her mom and that man.
Please look over the materials
that I've sent you
and please help us so that Hye Na
will not have to return to those people.
I don't think there is a person
who could do this better than you.
I won't resent you even if
you report me to the cops.
Please take care of this
matter as you see fit.
[Kim Hye Na]
This way.
A lot of people worry about their safety
with these types of homes.
But you needn't worry
about that here.
Because as you can see,
the police station is right up front.
Um...
do you have any other
homes available?
Please come in.
Take a look around.
How long are you looking
to stay here?
At the very least,
half a month.
And no longer than two months.
Goodness, not even three months,
but just one or two months?
I'll give you two months'
worth of rent up front.
The owner won't want to do that.
Because if you live here for only
two months, but ruin the floor
it'll be a huge nuisance for them.
And you have a kid, to boot!
You should look into a student hostel
or something, instead.
Other real estate brokers
will tell you the same thing.
"To Oh Cheol, in Heaven."
"Oh Cheol,
I'm Kim Hye Na from Class 1-3."
"Where are you right now?"
"Do you not feel any pain anymore?"
"I want to go there, too."
Dear Miss Soo Jin.
I received your letter.
I hope that you reach your
destination safely.
I hope that I can be of help
to you, if only a little.
"Then, I'll follow you."
"But until then, goodbye."
By "where you are,"
she means Heaven.
And by, "I'll follow you,"
she means...
Does she mean that she'll kill herself?
I thought the same thing, too.
How could a nine year old
think of committing suicide?
While Hye Na was walking
down to the harbor
she kept on looking
at the birds that were flying.
So, on the day she went to the harbor,
she followed Oh Cheol.
I feel like this totally makes sense.
Um, there are other things
that you also need to see.
I found these among the temporary
homeroom teacher's records.
And there's a part where Hye Na clearly
confesses that her mom abused her.
[Consultation Record Card]
Aren't you going to sleep?
I feel like I'll go crazy
if I just sit still.
I shouldn't have given birth to her.
I shouldn't have given birth to her!
But I...
why did I give birth to her?
Honey.
Hold me, please.
Oh yeah.
Don't touch the electric kettle.
And be careful when you use
the hot water at the sink, too.
And be careful when you
jump on the bed.
And don't open the door for anyone.
Okay.
I'll be right back after having dinner.
I won't be back too late,
so don't worry, okay?
All right, I got it.
So hurry up and go.
Location of emergency shelters.
To be honest...
there were many times that I thought
that it'd be nice if she died.
But, Honey...
Why does my heart feel like...
it'll shatter?
It hurts...
so much.
Is that you, Soo Jin?
These are Yi Jin's twins.
Seven years old.
Their names are Tae Hoon and Tae Mi.
- Hello!
Hi there.
Big Sis!
Big Sis! It's been so long!
It's been a while.
Oh, sorry. I ate a little
before you got here.
I left work for a bit
even though we're busy
just so that I could see you.
You're here, Big Sis?
This is about to overflow,
so I can't come out to greet you.
- Wow!
- Wow, I'm so hungry!
- You like crab, right?
I went to Noryangjin this morning
to make you some crab stew.
Wow, this is so good!
But I have to go now.
You should eat more before you go.
I was planning to leave after I just
got a glimpse of Big Sis's face.
It's so nice to see your face, Big Sis!
You'll be in Seoul until
the weekend, right? I'll call you.
Big Sis Yi Jin.
The food was so delicious.
Your kimchi casserole is
truly a work of art.
I'll be going now, Mom!
Your auntie is leaving now, kids!
- See you later!
That's what she's been like lately
since she became a reporter
at a daily newspaper last month.
That's great for her.
And she causes trouble every day.
I'm worried that she'll
get fired one of these days.
Well, she works really hard, though.
This is delicious.
Really.
Mom said that you'd probably
want to eat home-cooked food.
She's right.
I did want to eat something like this.
Did you two greet your
big aunt properly?
- Yes!
I thought she'd be huge
since she's called "Big Aunt"
but she's not even that big!
She's similar to Aunt Hyun Jin.
What are you talking about?
I'm so much bigger.
You didn't know that you had
such a big niece and nephew, right?
Yes.
The kids really take after you.
Tae Hoon looks like his dad
and Tae Mi looks like me.
No.
A part of Tae Hoon looks like you did
when you were young.
Really?
My Tae Hoon hates losing.
He has to be number one at everything.
He's just like his dad.
His dad is number one when it comes to
his studies, his work, and drinking.
And my Tae Mi loves all things beautiful.
She's just like me in that sense.
You hate losing too, though.
Really?
She wants to raise her kids to be clever,
so she takes them everywhere.
What about the piano?
I'm not really passionate
about it anymore.
I haven't been passionate about
anything else since I've had my kids.
There are other people besides me
who are good at playing piano
but my kids need me.
Blood relations are such
a scary thing, in that sense.
I don't know what I would've done
if I didn't have my kids.
"Bus ticket."
"Automatic ticket machine."
"Word game."
"When a balloon gets bigger and bigger."
"The road that leads to the ocean."
"The snip-snip sound
of hair being cut."
"Mom."
"The sound of mom laughing."
13 times 1 is 13.
13 times 2 is 26.
13 times 3 is 39.
13 times 4 is 52.
13 times 5 is 65.
13 times 6 is 78.
Do kids usually memorize their
multiplication tables at seven years old?
He memorized up to the
nine times table when he was five.
Now he knows up to the 19 times table.
13 times 10 is 130.
19 times 17 is 323.
19 times 18 is 342.
19 times 19 is 361!
Wow!
Great job!
That's amazing, Tae Hoon.
I was so, so surprised.
Thanks for reciting that for me.
I'm sure you were quite taken aback
since I came here out of the blue.
So thank you, most of all,
for being so hospitable toward me.
I feel like you're
the older sister here.
I'll be going now for today.
- I have something I must do...
- Excuse me.
I have something to show you, too.
What are little boys made of?
Yoon Bok.
Yoon Bok?
Yoon Bok!
Yoon Bok, hurry and come out!
We're not playing hide-and-seek!
I'm going to the barber shop.
Mom.
Why are you here?
Do you know how scared I was?
I'm sorry.
There were no cartoons
on our TV, so...
I apologize for being such a burden.
- Let's go.
- Mom.
I have to use the bathroom.
Let's chat for a second, Mother.
Pardon me.
She didn't come here to watch cartoons.
She wasn't even wearing proper clothes
and her lips were all blue
and she was shivering
when she ran over here.
I... want to watch cartoons.
I may be overstepping my boundaries
by saying this to you, but...
she seems to be too young
to be left alone at night.
You're right.
Thank you.
Let's go.
You're cold, right?
To be honest, Mom...
someone came by before to catch us.
Who?
Someone knocked on the door
and then let themselves in.
And they looked through the bathroom
and under the sheets, too.
They looked under the sheets, too?
I was hiding in the wardrobe
and barely managed to get out by looking
at the emergency shelter instructions.
Didn't they also look through the garbage
and organize the towels, too?
Yes!
What do we do now?
All we need to do now is wash up
and get some rest.
They came by to clean up
our room, is all.
Why?
Let's go.
Wow, she truly is crazy.
Is she really her biological mother?
What about the footage from the hospital
hallway, and the stairs on the road?
There's no CCTV camera
in the hallway.
And we're checking for any footage
taken at the staircase now.
You were scared today, right?
I wasn't scared at all.
I should have thought about that sooner.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't scared, so don't be sorry.
But, Yoon Bok.
About the lady from the barber shop.
Don't go see her too often
just because she's nice to you.
We're on the run right now, after all.
We can't get too close to people.
But she's not a bad person.
Still.
All right.
Thanks.
But...
Do you know your times tables?
Yes.
Two times one is two.
Two times two is four.
Two times three is six.
Two times four is...
Two times one is two.
Two times two is four.
Two times three is six.
Two times...
I really won't be late today.
I promise.
I'll hang this in front of the door.
So that nobody can come in.
"Do not enter."
Are you coughing?
Something is caught in my throat.
Go ahead.
Oh, she's here.
Sorry for being late.
Soo Jin!
Mister!
Where have you been
all this time?
Chief Yoo.
Show them to us, in order.
Yes, Ma'am.
We'll start with this.
Wow!
This looks kind of like the dress that
Jackie Kennedy wore before
the inauguration, right?
She has a straight, firm silhouette
going down from her neck to shoulders.
That's why refined things suit her.
I don't need such extravagant clothes.
Why not?
I have nowhere to go
with these sorts of clothes on.
You can go anywhere if you
wear clothes like these, Soo Jin!
No man will overstep his bounds toward
a woman who is dressed in a refined way.
So, even in your weakest moment
your clothes will protect you.
I'd like it if I could be the one to
protect myself at any time, instead.
Exactly! That's exactly
what I'm saying!
We're busy, Chief Yoo.
Please, hurry it up.
Um, we'll need a coat, pants
and lots and lots of
your best sweaters.
Because I may not be able to buy her
clothes again for another 10 years.
Oh yes, and things she likes.
She, um...
likes simple things.
You know, boring clothes
like a Catholic school's uniform.
She quite likes clothes like that.
[DramaFever Ver] tvN E04 Mother
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Wow.
You look great, Young Miss.
Yes, that suits you.
Which clothes from the spring collection
do you currently have?
They're downstairs.
Shall we go?
Let's chat for a bit, Mister.
I know that you're good
at keeping secrets.
And I also know that
there's nothing you can't do.
You'd always come find me
whenever I ran away from home.
Do you know how surprised
I was each time you found me?
I can't do that anymore, Soo Jin.
I've gotten old now, too.
If you go too far away,
it'll be too rough on me.
Mister.
I need your help.
For the first time in my life.
I truly need your help.
I'm not going to do anything
that involves hurting anyone.
And I can't help you leave
and never come back.
Because if I do that,
your mother will rip me to shreds.
It's okay...
if it's a little illegal, right?
"If you become a tree, Mom..."
"I..."
"will become a small sailboat..."
"and float far, far away."
"If I become a small
sailboat..."
Miss Shin Ja Young.
You are under arrest
for child abuse.
You have the right to remain silent.
And you have the right
to an attorney.
Do you understand?
Let go.
Welcome.
Your guest is already here.
We will store your
belongings for you.
All right.
You're here?
Oh, Doctor Jung!
Did we keep you waiting?
I just got here myself.
Oh, you always say that.
Soo Jin.
This is Doctor Jung Jin Hong.
I always pester him,
and visit him quite a bit.
And this is my daughter,
Kang Soo Jin.
I've heard a lot about you.
Take a seat.
You didn't tell me about
how beautiful she is.
I'm a bit flustered.
Oh, you're still a man
through and through, I see.
Even you know how to
say such pleasantries.
Because frankly,
she's no beauty.
A supplementary shoot?
Why didn't you tell me that I had
a supplementary shoot scheduled?
All right, I'll head over
there right now, then.
Oh, I'm sorry, everyone,
but something came up.
A supplementary shoot.
Oh yes, please go ahead.
All right, then.
Take your time and
enjoy your meals, then.
Soo Jin, smile while you're eating.
So, my mom is a regular
at your office?
Yes, she is.
It must be quite tough for you.
Well...
yes.
But she's a patient I respect, so...
Res... pect?
She's honest,
just like a young child.
And she's so cool.
Don't you realize that she's lying
about there being a shoot?
Pardon?
May I explain today's menu?
No. Later, please.
Yes, ma'am.
She uses that kind of excuse whenever
she has to rush off somewhere.
"Supplementary shoot.
Rehearsal. A fitting."
And why is she in a hurry today?
Because she wants to get us together.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
But I...
have someone who is waiting for me.
Oh, really?
I'm not always such an
impolite person
but I really don't want to fall
for one of Mom's tricks today.
I apologize.
Yes, that's no good to be
tricked by your mother.
I'll be going now.
I'll see you off.
I can go by myself.
I apologize for everything.
To the hospital.
You're getting chemotherapy
tomorrow morning, correct?
I'm going to be hospitalized tonight
and undergo some tests first.
You've made a wise decision.
To the hospital.
I'm so tired.
May I give you a ride?
I always tell myself that
I should clean inside my car, but...
if I knew this would happen,
I would've cleaned it beforehand.
I apologize.
You're going camping, I see.
Yes.
This has been bothering me
since before, but...
to be honest
Ms. Cha wasn't plotting to
try and get us together.
I'm the one who begged her
to introduce me to you.
Ms. Cha refused, saying that
she didn't want to be a bother
when you'd come back after so long.
I've always loved birds,
since I was young.
I'd get up at 5:30 in the morning
in the summer and go to the hills
and in the winter,
I'd take the bus to Namhangang.
There was nobody else who shared
my interests, so I did it alone.
It's a mockingbird.
Probably a male who is making confident
movements to attract a female.
It's sitting on a high branch and is
declaring ownership of its turf.
I wanted to have these
sorts of conversations.
Just like you, I wanted to
study birds in college
and travel all over the world.
But...
I didn't have the courage.
The courage to disappoint my parents.
I'm still letting my
mother down, even now.
Ms. Cha is quite proud of you, though.
It's the result of
a desperate effort, on her part.
Just look.
I usually don't wear
these sorts of clothes.
This is my mom's way of
asserting her dominance over me.
Mooryung Police Station, which is
investigating a missing child case
has arrested Ms. Shin,
the mother of the missing child
this afternoon around 4 p.m.
at a home in Baek Island-dong.
The police, who had been
investigating the missing child
have discovered through CCTV footage
that the mother had
acted violently toward her child.
When people ask me why I like birds
I've never been able to provide them
with a proper answer.
So I've always wanted to meet someone
I didn't need to explain this to...
Please stop right over there.
Over there?
Yes.
Thanks to you, I was able
to get here comfortably.
I did drop you off,
but the ride seemed so short.
Please get home safely.
Um, wait.
Um... goodness.
Um, if you ever have time...
[Parked here for a short while
010-546-7734]
Thank you.
Yes. Ms. Shin, the mother of
Kim Hye Na, who went missing
arrived at Mooryung Police Station
in Gangwon-do not long ago.
In the midst of the missing child's
whereabouts still being unknown
the mother of the missing child
is denying the abuse charges.
I...
took medication several times
while raising Hye Na...
because it was so hard
that I wanted to die!
But...
what do you people know that
you're treating me this way?
What do you people know?
How dare you treat me this way?
The police, who have taken in the mother
for charges of child abuse
will investigate the child abuse case
and then determine if the child's
disappearance is related to the abuse.
This afternoon, Ms. Shin, the mother
of the missing child from Mooryung
was arrested on account of
child abuse charges...
Yoon Bok.
I'm sorry, Yoon Bok.
Mommy was late.
Are you okay?
Yoon Bok.
Yoon Bok!
I'm sorry.
Mommy should have
gotten back here sooner.
But I was late.
I'm sorry, Yoon Bok.
Was Mom...
Was Hye Na's mom...
really angry?
That person isn't your mom.
And you're not Hye Na, either.
You're Yoon Bok.
And Yoon Bok's mom is me.
But, what if people...
take away Yoon Bok's mom, too?
There have been no leads in identifying
the location of the missing child.
And amidst all this, it has been revealed
that Ms. Shin, her mother, abused her.
So many people are
wondering if her mother
had something to do
with the child's disappearance.
The police found an alibi for the
mother during the investigation
so it'll be difficult to
prove that her abuse was
linked to the child's
disappearance, won't it?
Yes, but if this had been
planned beforehand
the situation will
become more complicated.
Damn it.
Yoon Bok, are you okay...
Oh my gosh.
You're burning up!
Look at how much you're sweating!
Yoon Bok.
Can you hear me? Huh?
Answer me if you can hear me.
Okay? Yoon Bok.
I'm calling from Suite 816.
Do you have any fever-relieving medicine?
No, it's fine.
We don't need to go to the hospital.
Oh gosh, what do I do now?
Get it together.
Hello, this is Kang Soo Jin.
Um...
Seven years old?
Eight years old?
She just turned nine.
- Her clothes, please.
- Sure.
What's her name?
It's Yoon Bok.
Kim Yoon Bok.
Yoon Bok.
- Can you sit her up?
- Yes.
All done.
Yoon Bok.
Say "Ah," Yoon Bok.
Open wide. Good job.
It's inflamed.
She has laryngitis.
Since when has she been unwell?
She's been coughing
since yesterday afternoon
and she vomited once before bed.
Her larynx is badly swollen.
If it gets any more swollen,
she may have to go to the ER.
You must take her to
the hospital tomorrow.
Do you understand?
Please fill the tub with hot water.
Is she conscious?
It's because she has a high fever.
Her fever would go down and her coughs
would become less severe after 30 minutes
but, um, the air in the room is too dry.
Go to the front desk
and ask for a humidifier.
All right.
All right, there we go.
Mom.
Yoon Bok.
Are you conscious now?
Can you say your name?
What is your name?
Kim Hye Na.
Can you... repeat your
name for me...
Yoon Bok?
Kim Hye Na.
What about your mom's name?
Shin Ja Young.
This could turn into
acute bronchitis or pneumonia
so you must take her
to the hospital.
Is there... a reason why you
can't take her to the hospital?
Come to my hospital and
pick up medicine for her.
And make sure to give her all of it.
I'll give you a call after three days.
Thank you.
This place isn't good for a young child.
Can't you go to your mother's place?
Oh.
There are three rooms at my place.
But I live alone.
I leave early in the morning
and come home late at night.
If you need me,
please give me a call.
Um, Doctor.
You're thankful, right?
All right.
Let's talk later.
She's been sleeping for 20 hours now.
I think she took a ton
of sleeping pills.
We can't investigate her
if she's not fully conscious.
What about the man she lives with?
Did you locate him?
He hasn't picked up his phone
since that day.
[Samhwa Barber Shop]
Thank you.
Is she... sick?
I'm sorry, but please take care
of Yoon Bok for a bit.
I finally know what that sound is.
Jingle... jangle... jingle.
This?
I bet you always get caught
when you play hide-and-seek
because of that sound.
- Hello.
You're here, Big Sis?
Where's Mom?
She's resting.
She's resting since she's sick!
Mom.
Oh!
You're here?
This won't work.
I definitely will
repay you your money.
But I can't let you
treat me as you please...
just because you lent me money.
What are you talking about, Soo Jin?
Say it clearly,
in a way that I'll understand.
Wearing the clothes you like.
Going on a date with
a man that you like.
I did so much of that in the past.
I said that I'd meet with you
to spend time with you
not that I'd readjust my life
to suit you again.
Big Sis.
You're so selfish, Big Sis.
You left without a word.
Do you know how upset Mom was
and how much she must
have missed you, that...
even though she has cancer...
someone like her,
who is so scared of hospitals
got chemo and underwent
surgery by herself?
And this time, her cancer relapsed,
and it's been so hard for all of us!
And yet, you...
went off and did
everything you wanted to...
Go outside, Yi Jin.
What did Mom do that was
so wrong, Big Sis?
She's done so much for you!
Yi Jin, go outside. Please.
Mom.
You have cancer?
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't get cancer because of you.
Remember how my mom passed
away because of breast cancer
when I was a second year in high school?
I was so angry then.
I felt as if she'd
left me behind on purpose.
And after that,
I was determined to never get cancer.
In case you girls would get mad.
Soo Jin.
I knew you'd come back.
That's why I bravely underwent chemo and
got surgery by myself, seven years ago.
So that I could be healthy
when I welcomed you back.
But then, I heard that
it had relapsed, and...
I got a bit scared.
I had no idea
where in the world you were
and whether you were even alive or dead.
And I was scared that
I'd die here, all alone.
Mom.
Will you stay with me?
Mom, I...
Must you go?
Can't you at least meet with me
10 times before you leave again?
Also, you...
don't usually care
about the clothes you wear.
So what's so wrong about you
wearing the clothes I buy for you?
Also, about Doctor Jung.
He definitely isn't the
type of guy that I like.
He's the type of guy who spends
seven days a week at the hospital
and eats all three of his meals
per day at the hospital.
Are you afraid that I'll try to
set you up with him?
I'm going to pretend that
I didn't hear what you said before
about repaying the money and such.
I'm tired, so get going now.
And don't count today among the 10
days I have. That wouldn't be fair.
[Mooryung Police Station]
But...
no matter how much I think about it
I don't think the child
went there to die.
Look at her pace and her movements.
Don't you think that she'd be smiling
if we could see her face?
You're letting your emotions
cloud your judgment.
Nobody wants to see a child
walking toward her death, after all.
To me, it looks like Hye Na
is saying her final farewell.
Like she's saying,
"Bye, you guys. Take care."
Like this.
9 times out of 10, in cases like this
the case is closed with the body
of the child being discovered.
But I just can't give up on the
possibility of that 10 percent chance.
For example.
The lady living next door or a teacher
from her school could've taken her away.
Maybe...
someone like that teacher
who is a bird researcher.
You mean the temporary homeroom teacher?
She's definitely not the type
to do such a thing!
She has no interest in
other people's problems.
And she hates kids, too.
Really?
I didn't take you to be
this kind of person
but you kind of have
a naive side to you, Detective.
I'm back.
Where's Yoon Bok?
Third floor.
It's the rooftop suite.
All right.
Shall we go and
play hide-and-seek?
[Call Me Mother / Mother]
Subtitles by DramaFever
I can't have anyone
take my Soo Jin away.
I won't go anywhere,
and wait right here.
It's in a mother's nature to not be able
to die and leave her child by herself.
You're not being
held by me anymore.
Go anywhere you want.
Fly away and be free.
Every time you call my name, Mom,
I think to myself that I'm your child.
Why did Won Hee die?
You have to tell me the real reason.
Do you know Ms. Kang Soo Jin?
Look into who she really is.
I'm going to keep this.
What is this, Yoon Bok?
Where did you get this?